{\rtf1\ansi \deflang1033\deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman \fcharset0 \fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1 \qj\fi-720\li720\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _level1;}
{\s2 \qj\fi-720\li1440\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _level2;}
{\s3 \qj\fi-720\li2160\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _level3;}
{\s4 \qj\fi-720\li2880\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _level4;}
{\s5 \qj\fi-720\li3600\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _level5;}
{\s6 \qj\fi-720\li4320\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _level6;}
{\s7 \qj\fi-720\li5040\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _level7;}
{\s8 \qj\fi-720\li5760\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _level8;}
{\s9 \qj\fi-720\li6480\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _level9;}
{\s10 \qj\fi-720\li720\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levsl1;}
{\s11 \qj\fi-720\li1440\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levsl2;}
{\s12 \qj\fi-720\li2160\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levsl3;}
{\s13 \qj\fi-720\li2880\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levsl4;}
{\s14 \qj\fi-720\li3600\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levsl5;}
{\s15 \qj\fi-720\li4320\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levsl6;}
{\s16 \qj\fi-720\li5040\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levsl7;}
{\s17 \qj\fi-720\li5760\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levsl8;}
{\s18 \qj\fi-720\li6480\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levsl9;}
{\s19 \qj\fi-720\li720\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levnl1;}
{\s20 \qj\fi-720\li1440\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levnl2;}
{\s21 \qj\fi-720\li2160\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levnl3;}
{\s22 \qj\fi-720\li2880\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levnl4;}
{\s23 \qj\fi-720\li3600\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levnl5;}
{\s24 \qj\fi-720\li4320\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levnl6;}
{\s25 \qj\fi-720\li5040\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levnl7;}
{\s26 \qj\fi-720\li5760\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levnl8;}
{\s27 \qj\fi-720\li6480\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 _levnl9;}
{\*\cs28 \additive Default Para;}
{\*\cs29 \additive footnote ref;}
{\*\cs30 \additive\ul\cf2 Hypertext;}
}{\info{\title Styria 1840 - Version 3}{\author David J. Gross}{\operator David J. Gross}
}
\notabind\margl1440\margr1440\margt720\margb720\hyphhotz1\ftnbj\fet2\ftnrstpg\aftnnar\viewkind1\subfontbysize \sectd \sbknone\marglsxn720\margrsxn720\headery1440\footery1440\endnhere\endnhere 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1}

{\field{\*\fldinst {\lang4105  SEQ CHAPTER \\h \\r 1}}{\fldrslt }}\pard \fs24\qc 
{\plain \fs36 \b\fs36 Styria1840 - Version 4.00}{\plain \fs24 \par
}\pard \fs24
{\plain \fs24 Hi Folks.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 This map is a major update of the original Styria1840 V3.20 map. It contains additional events to enhance \softline
freight traffic, more action events and fixes of a few minor issues. It has been the general consensus that this \softline
version is a bit easier to play as far as difficulty level is concerned and offers more variety in game play. \par
}{\plain \fs24   \par
}{\plain \fs24 The map in general, deals with the early development of railroads in Styria which was part of the former \softline
Austrian Monarchy. An effort was made to accurately portray the period\'92s historic and turbulent events into this \softline
map\'92s game play however, the city names, provinces and most borders are represented as they are presently.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\fs28 The overall goals and challenges of this map\'92s game play are as follows:}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 a.) Provide the \'93Sudbahn\'94 connection between Wiener Neustadt and Marburg.\par
}{\plain \fs24 b.) Build a minimum amount of rail lines or invest in industry and fulfill a minimum hauling requirement.\par
}{\plain \fs24 c.) Deal with the events surrounding the Revolution of 1848.\par
}{\plain \fs24 d.) Keep the Monarchy and the Public happy.\par
}{\plain \fs24 e.) Provide service to the logging/lumber, iron/metal and coal industries.\par
}{\plain \fs24 f.) Try to connect to all the other Provinces and deliver the required loads.\par
}{\plain \fs24 g.) Have no company debt and have the highest PNW.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\fs28 Brief description of some of the above goals and challenges:}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 a.) Sudbahn connection.\par
}{\plain \fs24 Once your rails reach the Murzzuschlag area a suggestion to build a station in Murzzuschlag will be made (Do \softline
so). You will be unable to proceed up to the Semmering Pass until two things happen. You have to have \softline
$700,000.00 in Company Cash (half of the $1,400,000.00 of extra construction cost) and at the beginning of the \softline
yearly construction season (April), your construction companies and managers tell you that they are ready. You \softline
have to build a station on top of the Semmering Pass (in the Semmering LA area - right click to locate the area) \softline
and suggest you add a water and sanding tower. You will not have to build your own stations in Lower Austria \softline
to reach this goal but can connect to stations build by the Nordbahn. Make sure to complete the Semmering \softline
Bahn part of the Sudbahn first before connecting Wiener Neustadt to Marburg. Try to complete this map goal as \softline
early as possible since other events are based on having this connection made and there will also be bonuses for \softline
a early connection.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 b.) Build a minimum amount of rail lines or invest in industry and provide a minimum hauling requirement.\par
}{\plain \fs24 At the beginning of the scenario you will be asked to comply with the minimum rail requirement however, you \softline
will be given the opportunity to opt out later in the game. The amount of rail built is checked periodically. You \softline
might get away with not having the required amount in some years as long as it is not in a year the amount is \softline
checked. The amount of required rail as indicated on the status page is what is required by the end of the year.  \softline
The year-end status report will indicate what is needed by the end of the following year.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 c.) Deal with the events surrounding the Revolution of 1848.\par
}{\plain \fs24 The first signs of the revolution period will show up in 1846 with a lowering of the economic activities and end \softline
in 1849. Robberies should increase but the increase in breakdowns and crashes is not my doing.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 d.) Keep the Monarchy and the Public happy.\par
}{\plain \fs24 Many events will play a role in lowering or increasing your popularity with the monarchy or public. The results \softline
of a low popularity are twofold. If it gets too low there is, at a minimum, just a monetary penalty and if it \softline
happens too often it will lead to you being replaced. Game over. If you in any one year lower your popularity \softline
by too much your tycoon days can also be over. \par
}{\plain \fs24 e.) Provide service to the logging/lumber, iron/metal and coal industries.\par
}{\plain \fs24 Your destiny and that of the Oststeirische Holzerei AG and the Steirische Kohlenbergbau Gmbh. and the \softline
Steirische Eisen Werke AG. depends on how well you service those industries. Several events will offer \softline
incentives to make the hauling of freight more attractive.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 f.) Connection to all provinces and delivery of required loads.\par
}{\plain \fs24 One will first need to make the Sudbahn connection before receiving access rights to the provinces of Carinthia, \softline
Burgenland, Salzburg and Upper Austria. Train running rights in a province are given once connection from \softline
one of your stations in that province to Graz is made. A newspaper report informs you of this. \par
}{\plain \fs24 One might find the delivery of goods to be a challenge at times since the means of generating it locally might be \softline
limited. To deliver goods from outside the local area like Leoben as an example and delivering it to Upper \softline
Austria will take about four years.  Note that you will not receive the \'93officially connected\'94 status in a province \softline
until you have also delivered the required loads.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\fs28 Brief description of other events:}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 a.) Semmering tourist deliveries.\par
}{\plain \fs24 This event plays a bit different from the previous version. The passengers now have to be actually delivered to \softline
the station on top of the Semmering Pass. During my games I found it easiest to just set the delivery flag to \softline
yellow (Sell only demanded cargo, leave undemanded cargo on the train to be sold later) for the Semmering \softline
Pass destination since that destination is not likely to demand passengers. Therefore a train schedule might be:\par
}{\plain \fs24 Murzzuschlag (green-yellow),\par
}{\plain \fs24 Semmering Pass (yellow),\par
}{\plain \fs24 Gloggnitz (green-yellow),\par
}{\plain \fs24 Semmering Pass (yellow).\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 b.) You will be given an opportunity fairly early in the game to opt out of the minimum rail requirement. Even \softline
though this sounds tempting, to pursue this option successfully is a real challenge due to the Industry \softline
Investment requirement. It will very likely necessitate the merger of one or more of the three Industrial \softline
Companies (Oststeirische Holzerei AG., Steirische Kohlenbergbau Gmbh., and Alpine Eisen Werke AG.) since \softline
you will be required to serve those industries anyhow. Just a warning that this opting out might mean \'93out of \softline
the game\'94.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 c.) One might also be tempted to assume the chairmanship of another railroad company. This could result in an \softline
early stop to the game since there are checks requiring you to be the chairman of the Kaiserliche Steirische \softline
Bahn. Therefore, one needs to be careful in making those excursions.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 d.) There are many events offering many choices but one should not assume that all choices offered are good \softline
ones. There are some events that have just \'93bad - bad\'94 choices, others are \'93good - game over\'94 choices and some \softline
lead you down a path you really don\'92t want to go. But many choices are focused toward supporting the maps \softline
main goals however, the effects will not be noticeable until a few years down the road. Most choices however, \softline
require careful analysis to establish if the choice one is about to make is really consistent with the tasks at hand \softline
or the games overall goals. \par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\fs28 General information:}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 Even though this map is playable for players of all levels of playing experience, it is recommended for \softline
intermediate and experienced players. It is also suggested, for more stimulating game play, to select all eight \softline
computer players and to select the expert level.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 For most of you the names and areas covered on the map will be somewhat alien and as such difficult to 
remember and/or relate to. At times it might be awkward to make decisions, triggered by events, relating to map \softline
locations. Therefore, it is strongly recommended one familiarize oneself first with the overall layout of the map.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 Game play can be a difficult over the first few years. Please, read the dialog boxes and newspaper reports \softline
carefully since they often contain hints and tips of what one should be doing. During game play please check \softline
your \'93Briefings\'94 to update yourself on some of the activities required or available tasks.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 Depending on your style of play a game may last for many hours. Myself, I do a lot of micro-managing and an \softline
average game takes a minimum of four to six hours. But don\'92t let that scare you off. You will hardly notice it.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 It is also suggested you save the game often since your response to many events can have dire consequences. At \softline
the worst it could be the end of the game right there. But as a astute railroad operator and friend of the \softline
Monarchy it most likely will not happen to you.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 The loading of this map takes on my computer (233Mhz AMD K6-2) about 4 minutes. So please be patient. It \softline
most likely will be worth the wait.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\fs28 Restrictions:}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 Restrictions for setting the throttle, starting a new company or multiple companies, are in effect. There are no \softline
customs at borders.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\fs28 Acknowledgements:}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 As the map was not complete without the comments and suggestions from some people, neither would be this \softline
document without mentioning some of their names and efforts. Your continuing support is very much \softline
appreciated. I would like to thank all of you and am truly thankful to the following people:\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \b David Gross}{\plain \fs24  - Your troubleshooting and professional approach have made my life just that much easier and has \softline
saved me again much embarrassment, for sure.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \b Steven M. - }{\plain \fs24 Your in-depth analysis and feedback have greatly contributed to this map and I feel privileged to \softline
have had your cooperation in resolving the many issues.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 The following additional people have made contributions to prior versions and I am still very much indebted to \softline
them also.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \b CeeBee, DickK, Gwizz, and Doug Rubin.}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\fs28 Contact:\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}\pard \fs24
{\plain \fs24 I would appreciate any feedback and advice on how to make this map more enjoyable via email to \softline
}{\plain \fs24 \*\cs30\cf2 johnschwarz@hotmail.com.}{\plain \fs24 \ul\cf2 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \ul\cf2 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 Good luck, have fun and please don\'92t forget - it\'92s only a game.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 JSS\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs32 \b\cf3\fs32 OVERVIEW  OF   THE MAP\'92S  ERA  HISTORIC  EVENTS.}{\plain \fs24 \ul\cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\cf3\fs28 The early years of railroading.}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 The railroading era in the Austrian Monarchy started with the opening of a horse drawn carriage (on rails) line \softline
between the Edelbrucker Schlucht (Upper Austria) and Budweis on Nov. 2, 1827. Several others had followed \softline
by the mid 1830's connecting Linz (Upper Austria) to Budweis and Gmunden.}{\plain \fs24 \ul\cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \ul\cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 The start of the steam railroad era began with the founding of the Kaiser-Ferdinand-Nordbahn or just Nordbahn \softline
as it was called, in 1836. All railroads starting shortly thereafter were of private initiative. This however also \softline
created some very unfortunate situations. Speculators, using the goodwill of other investors and the public, \softline
created an atmosphere of mistrust and uncertainty.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 The Monarchy therefore found it necessary to create a new charter and invoked this charter on Dec. 19, 1841, \softline
making the construction of all new rail lines and the existing strategic and economically important rail lines, \softline
state property. The first of such new state railways was the Lombardisch-Venetianische Staatsbahn.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\cf3\fs28 The Revolution of 1848.}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 During 1848 a series of revolutions broke out in quick succession across Europe. The main causes were the \softline
economic depression of the time coupled with crop failures over the preceding few years and a general political \softline
frustration felt by the liberal minded middle class and nationalistic groups.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 The first outbreak occurred on Feb. 22 in Paris, driving Louis Philippe from his throne. In Vienna the news \softline
from Paris inspired demonstrations that drove the conservative minister Klemens von Metternich from office. \softline
Other nationalities within the Austrian Empire wished to control their own affairs. On March 5, Hungary gained \softline
autonomy and proceeded to draft a constitution, in turn the Croats organized in Zagreb to seek freedom from \softline
Hungary. In Italy where the expulsion of Austria had long been the goal of the Italian Unity movement called \softline
the Risorgimento, a Venetian republic was proclaimed, and a revolution in Milan (March 18-22) was supported \softline
by a new liberal regime in Sardinia-Piedmont.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 In June, Czech leader Frantisek Palacky organized a Pan-Slav Congress in Prague to demand equality with the \softline
Germans. On June 17, Austrian forces crushed this rebellion and a month later gained control of Milan. A \softline
constituent assembly convened in Vienna to draft a constitution for the empire. It succeeded in abolishing \softline
serfdom, but in October it was driven from Vienna by a working-class rebellion; its work was later repudiated \softline
by a new prime minister, Felix Schwarzenberg. In December the young Francis Joseph succeeded Ferdinand I \softline
as emperor of Austria and imposed a severely centralized administration.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 On April 13, 1849, the Hungarians, under Lajos Kossuth, declared their independence. Schwarzenberg called in \softline
a Russian army, and in August the Hungarians surrendered. That summer a Roman republic created by \softline
Giuseppe Mazzini and Giuseppe Garibaldi collapsed and the Austrian forces recaptured Venice.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 Despite a few lasting gains, the Revolutions of 1848 resulted in severe defeats for liberal nationalists seeking \softline
democratic reform.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\cf3\fs28 Post Revolution Era.}{\plain \fs24 \b\cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 The resulting uncertainty and poor financial situation of the state, created hardships for the Monarchy. Even \softline
though the economic climate improved significantly in the years following the revolution, the state run railroads \softline
continued their decline. This necessitated the sale of all the railroads operated by the state. Between 1854 and \softline
1858, this transaction consisted of 1766km track, 530 Locomotives, 4696 Freight cars, and 745 Passenger cars.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 With the lure of many concessions and other incentives an effort was made again, to raise private capital. Many \softline
multinational banks responded, with the result being the founding of the Staatseisenbahngesellschaft (StEG) in \softline
1855.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\cf3\fs28 The Semmeringbahn.}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 The greatest obstacle to building a railroad connection to the southern part of the monarchy were the mountains. \softline
For about ten years a railroad trip to the southern parts of the monarchy ended in Gloggnitz and for people \softline
trying to reach the northern parts and Vienna, in Murzzuschlag.  Both had to transfer to horse drawn carriages, \softline
for a treacherous road trip over the Semmering Pass.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 With the opening of the railroad between Vienna and Gloggnitz on May 5, 1842 the monarchy was requesting \softline
that the rail line be continued over the Semmering. It issued a royal decree on Aug. 8 1842 to that purpose. On \softline
Jan. 31 1844 the general plans for the whole project were presented by Carl Ghega to the Director of  State \softline
Railways, Franscesconi. With the opening of the rail link between Graz and Murzzuschlag on Oct. 21 1844 the \softline
southern terminal was also ready. However, political circumstances and severe doubt about the technical \softline
feasibility of the project, (there was no precedent for the construction of the 1430m main tunnel) caused the \softline
plans to remain shelved for another four years. It was actually the revolution of 1848 that stirred the project \softline
back into action.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 If one includes the work on the part from Gloggnitz to Payerbach, the construction of the Semmeringbahn \softline
started in 1848. At the beginning the aim was to create quickly a place to employ many of the unemployed \softline
workers of the period. At start of construction 5000 workers had to be transported to the site daily from Vienna.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 Strictly speaking, the Semmeringbahn was not the first mountain railroad. It was however the first mountain \softline
railroad to operate at such heights (898m) and to overcome an, at that time unheard of, height difference of \softline
457m. On its 41.8km of length it had 15 Tunnels (total length of 5.4km) and 16 large stone built viaducts (total \softline
length 1.5km). About 1.4 million cubic meter of rock was removed using explosives. For blasting only Black \softline
Powder, with its low explosive yield, was available. Due to Carl Ghega\'92s refusal to use iron or steel as \softline
construction materials, 65 million bricks and 80,000 stone blocks were used.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 With more than 20,000 people employed at the height of  the project and given the enormous technical \softline
difficulties,  very few lives were actually lost due to accidents. More than 1000 workers however died of \softline
Cholera and Typhus due to the primitive accommodations and living conditions. \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 There was also much criticism expressed about the \'93Ghega Trasse\'94 by George Stephenson and the Association \softline
of Austrian Engineers and Architects. It was, so they said, questionable that the locomotives can manage to \softline
climb the grades the railroad was to be build at. Two years after the start of construction Carl Ghega called for a \softline
competition of \'93Mountain Locomotives\'94 to establish if those engines were suitable for his newly constructed \softline
railroad. All of the four locomotives (Wr. Neustadt, Vindobona, Seraing and Bavaria) fulfilled the requirement \softline
of pulling 140 tonnes with a speed of 11 km/hr on the steepest part of the line.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 The actual mountainous part of the railway was completed in 1854 after only five years of construction. On \softline
Oct. 23 and 24 the first test run over the whole distance was carried out.  The first scheduled train traversed the \softline
Semmering Pass on July 17, 1854. The line was designed for a 6 ton axle load and a train was limited to 140 \softline
tons. In 1860 the trip from Gloggnitz to Murzzuschlag took 2hrs 4min. \par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}{\plain \fs28 \b\cf3\fs28 The Builder - Carl Ritter von Ghega}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 .\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 Born on Jan.10, 1802 to a civil servant of the Austrian Navy in Venice, he had a fascinating career. In 1819 at \softline
age 17, he was already Doctor in Mathematics and was employed as an engineer for the city works department \softline
of Venice shortly thereafter.  In 1835 he started to work for the Staatsbahn and in 1842 after the monarchy \softline
implemented a new agency for railroad development, he was made responsible for the development of railways \softline
in the southern part of the monarchy. After finishing the design stage of the Semmeringbahn in 1844 he was in \softline
charge of its construction from 1848 to 1854. Knighted in 1851 he died due to a lung ailment on March 14, \softline
1860.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \cf3 \par
}}